[Docs] Update README. (#8502)
skypilot-org/skypilot: README.md

</div>

SkyPilot is a system to run, manage, and scale AI workloads on any AI infrastructure.

SkyPilot gives **AI teams** a simple interface to run jobs on any infra.
**Infra teams** get a unified control plane to manage any AI compute — with advanced scheduling, scaling, and orchestration.

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="./docs/source/images/skypilot-abstractions-long-2-dark.png">
  <img src="./docs/source/images/skypilot-abstractions-long-2.png" alt="SkyPilot Abstractions">
</picture>

-----

:fire: *News* :fire:
- [Dec 2025] **SkyPilot v0.11** released: Multi-Cloud Pools, Fast Managed Jobs, Enterprise-Readiness at Large Scale, Programmability. [**Release notes**](https://github.com/skypilot-org/skypilot/releases/tag/v0.11.0)

> - [Dec 2025] **SkyPilot Pools** released: Run jobs on a pool of workers (across clouds or clusters) while reusing environment setup. [**blog**](https://blog.skypilot.co/skypilot-pools-deepseek-ocr/), [**docs**](https://docs.skypilot.co/en/latest/examples/pools.html)

Reviewer: Should we mention something about the JTBD batch inference?
```suggestion
- [Dec 2025] **SkyPilot Pools** released: Run batch inference and other jobs on a managed pool of warm workers (across clouds or clusters). [**blog**](https://blog.skypilot.co/skypilot-pools-deepseek-ocr/), [**docs**](https://docs.skypilot.co/en/latest/examples/pools.html)
```
